completely and today I am social
it she could see and
kind of aroused skool shoplog i know
what you think
roda faith school doesn't start long
but if you have been following me for longer
do you know i have a september on it
graphic lyceum none to the degree
in production in short
photography and video in which you do so and yes
i always like to have fun
Get school supplies and then get it
you are a little early so you
I have all the nice things because I have it
also had a number of times in the
pants because all the fun things are already gone
and that of course she didn't seem either
I've been to the Hema and I think so
and you can now so much you can such
know how creative fun original
we pay attention to something
for everyone
so I succeeded very well there and
of course the most important thing is you
agenda
normal use no going off
helmond I'll buy one but
can use it completely
not but yes I thought from now on I go to
a new school and probably find it
I like it so much that I just really like my
track tool planning and precisely
want to know what I want or need on date
have a chance something i can do one
buy expensive ones that are absolutely beautiful
are so but can also just be a boring one
groups that can just go themselves
to decorate
this one is just yes find it grow it
must mention but this style and so here
sets
count feathers and 2015 so not such
go all the way like a lot of other ones
just a whole year port
visible This is a school schedule
school where your school year
and van ben you rightly overlook wiseguy
but yes i just want to be nice in your could
nice go pimping myself so I think
it comes laughing to him
bought these washi tips because I am going
not just for that
yes go to use but also for
other nice things this earth 250
each where I will just prices
penny somewhere in the picture
because your price is just different
I happen to know about this particular one
price
yes very nice to add is here
same principle in the reading room and me
like it so much that it probably then
often that I probably have him more often
so I will use this one too
stickers bought these are years ahead
your books say do
I do n't need you to really cover it
because I bought them that says mine
but I think that's still going on
and in it sticker is nice for
do not expect to use galen from trousers
to buy us the sheet and I am sitting
here differ from facts
also to continue with that kind
I have this or this booklet of stickers
bought but sticky notes
no that they do the intro for you then
I always be funny
unfortunately these are not
full stickers so you have to
Just something fun with no place to be
for the rest of sparta super fun
This offer of drink or
this little book think it has van der
not to do with school but with
are the daily things not do
just nice print again with flowers
inside state matters and to
find blog funny i don't really make it
often lists but I want to go
do it because I want it to be green too
keep things moon and then I get the
journey to my own ideas
things faster I was also allowed this one
two nice ones
I always bought notebooks for this
of those gadgets only those who like how
stars are broken by how much less
nice ali they are slightly stronger this van
a bendable one
gave you but she will sit firmly there too
of ribbon in what you can
yes determine where you were or so so
at every class you would did
date that you can add for the
rest just see
and this one just has a hard cover
not usable but nice nice thick
so i'm sure this is just yes
just last a long time and so you see
on the inside
seemed to me because because here needs may
you then, for example, just a subject
to write to the few years below
taking notes is what I thought
handy
I do now that everyone can go quickly
is going to see
oh it is it is stronger than that
like I said before, I will read my books
van kaften yes i am i don't want to
they keep beautiful for how long and it looks good too
just a little bit nicer
obviously because I occasionally still very cheerful
some have left over from last year
it only bought two wools and I have too
not so many books so i guess i do
here both belongs to me more that crazy
reminds me of wood or something like that
which and it is kind of an old-fashioned
or so
So those that I was there, I think you
also with all kinds of fun
signs with arrows and
flowers and
lyrics of really looking expensive today
the loom chair and so on
and then we are already at the latter
thing arrived and that is this fun one
something i didn't need this i had
None of this needed according to and
then actually go but I always come
with several things at home than the
intention is reimbursed her why not
so this something who likes shirt
proposal 8 there so powerful per hope that he
good always seems awkward with such
kind of colors with your nice details
and the inside is just that
symbol is no fuck your case
so that and then this was my cup cool
shoplog probably I'll go again
a bit more that things and will buy
I still hear throughout the school year or
I need things going but this is what I do
for now i'm very happy with it
don't go to this to this pile
skateboard carplay and I am so excited
to start guys really just wanna
just wanted something that i like such a vacation
design samurai looks really like that
unfortunately it doesn't work
look at this again and I see
you in the following video